feat(content): Part 2 of Adding New Syndicate Business Missions (#10422)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

			choice
				`	(Take a seat in the lobby.)`
			branch makeemwait
				has "syndicate business: mean to Howard"
			`	Much to your surprise, the wait is brief. Within minutes, Howard emerges with a warm smile, extending a hand as he welcomes you into his office, clearly eager to discuss the next big deal.`
				goto next
			label makeemwait
			`	Hours crawl by as the polished receptionist offers increasingly strained reassurances. Finally, Howard arrives, barely masking his annoyance, and motions for you to follow with a curt nod, clearly viewing you with disdain.`
			label next
			`	The inside of Howard's office is modest yet stylish, with a sleek table, a few ergonomic chairs, and a large screen cycling through market trends. The minimalist decor is designed to impress anybody who comes in, but it's clear that this is more for show than substance.`
			`	Howard gestures for you to take a seat as he settles behind his desk. His demeanor shifts slightly, and he leans forward, lowering his voice as if sharing a secret.`

> 			`	"You know I've called you here for an incredible investment opportunity," Howard begins. "But before we get into that, I need a small favor. It's nothing too complicated, but there's too many prying eyes here. I'm wrapping up some meetings, but meet me at the spaceport later. I'll fly in my Shuttle as your escort to Sunracer. I have a few work calls to take on the way, but I'll explain everything once we get there."`

Reviewer: Why is he escorting you? You could potentially do either of the following two things.
```suggestion
			`	"You know I've called you here for an incredible investment opportunity," Howard begins. "But before we get into that, I need a small favor. It's nothing too complicated, but there's too many prying eyes here. I'm wrapping up some meetings, but meet me at the spaceport later. I'll fly in my Shuttle as you escort me to Sunracer. I have a few work calls to take on the way, but I'll explain everything once we get there."`
```
```suggestion
			`	"You know I've called you here for an incredible investment opportunity," Howard begins. "But before we get into that, I need a small favor. It's nothing too complicated, but there's too many prying eyes here. I'm wrapping up some meetings, but meet me at the spaceport later. I'll fly in my Shuttle if you escort me to Sunracer. I have a few work calls to take on the way, but I'll explain everything once we get there."`
```

Author: I was going for presumptuous but you're right that it definitely makes more sense for you to be escorting him

			choice
				`	"Absolutely."`
					goto next2
				`	"Howard, a promotion's a big deal. The office doesn't matter--your work speaks for itself."`
					goto kindy
				`	"Howard, your cubicle is still pathetic. Now, let's get back on track."`
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" ++
			`	Howard flinches, his jaw tightening for a moment before he forces a thin smile. "Pathetic or not, it gets the job done," he says quietly, avoiding your gaze as he fidgets with a paperweight on his desk. "Spaceport. Later." His voice is more clipped now, and he doesn't wait for a response before focusing on his work calls, shutting you out entirely.`
				decline
			label kindy
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --

> 			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, back to work."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, I've got to get back to work."`
```

				launch
	npc accompany save
		government "Syndicate"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Shuttle" "Gallant Knight"
		on kill
			dialog "You watch as Howard's Shuttle explodes into a cloud of debris along with any hope of an investment opportunity."
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality harvests nemesis plunders staying
			confusion 40
		system destination
		fleet
			names "pirate"
			variant
				"Wasp" 3
			variant
				"Quicksilver"

	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality harvests nemesis plunders
			confusion 40
		system destination
		fleet
			names "pirate"
			variant
				"Wasp" 3
			variant
				"Quicksilver"

	on complete
		conversation
			`As soon as you land, you see a message from Howard:`
			`	"<first> <last>! Looks like I beat you landing on <planet>! Meet me at my office near the spaceport to talk further. (Again, note the address change.)"`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`

mission "Syndicate Business 5"

> 	name "Disable a Marauder ship on <planet>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name "Disable a Marauder ship in <waypoints>"
```

			choice
				`	(Take a seat.)`
				`	(Remain standing.)`
					goto shrug
			`	Howard sits beside you in an oddly intimate expression.`
				goto familiar
			label shrug
			`	Howard shrugs and takes a seat anyway.`
			label familiar
			`	Once settled, he leans back in his chair and gives you a serious look. "Tell me," he says, "are you familiar with Marauder ships?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, of course."`
					goto ask
				`	"No, I can't say I am."`
			`	Howard raises an eyebrow. "Marauder ships are nasty pieces of work," he explains. "They're ships with numerous modifications - mostly with combat in mind. More shields, weapons, engines, and outfit space, with enough firepower to tear through a lot of defenses before anyone knows what hit them. They're often used by rogue groups that operate outside the law, preying on vulnerable targets."`
			label ask
			`	Howard pauses for a moment before continuing. "Megaparsec is interested in getting our hands on one. We want to study its design, see what makes it tick. We've received word that a Marauder ship was recently spotted in Oblate. I need you to track it down and disable it. Once it's crippled, our recovery team will handle the rest."`

> 			`	He gives you a pointed look. "Think you can handle that?"`

Reviewer: Somehow I associate "pointed" as if he's secretly wondering if he can trust you.
Is that just me, or should you add a `to display` to make this only show if you've been mean to him, and use a different word if you haven't?

Author: Great idea

Author: And done

			choice
				`	"You got it."`
					goto accepting
				`	"What do you need me for? This sounds like something that the Syndicate could do themselves."`
				`	"No way, I'm done here."`
					decline

> 			`	Howard shifts a bit in his seat as he considers your question. "Normally we'd contract Lightspeed Logistics for this sort of job. They've got the expertise and resources to handle something like this cleanly." He pauses, choosing his words carefully. "But they lack the discretion. This particular Marauder ship belongs to a pirate who ran in the same circles as a number of Lightspeed contractors. If we sent them in, I'm concerned they might try to study the ship themselves, tip off the pirate, or worse, tip off others in the Syndicate that Megaparsec is making a move."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Howard shifts a bit in his seat as he considers your question. "Normally we'd contract Lightspeed Logistics for this sort of job. They've got the expertise and resources to handle something like this cleanly." He pauses, choosing his words carefully. "But they lack the discretion. This particular Marauder ship belongs to a pirate who ran in the same circles as a number of Lightspeed contractors. If we sent them in, I'm concerned they might try to study the ship themselves, tip off the pirate, or worse, tip off others in the Syndicate that Megaparsec is making a move.`
```

				`	"Alright, I'm in."`
					goto accepting
				`	"And where does that promised investment opportunity fit in?"`
					goto investingop
				`	"I'm still not interested."`
					decline
			label investingop
			`	His face brightens at the mention of the investment. "Ah, yes, the opportunity. It's much larger than the last deal you were part of, but the returns are still very competitive. You'll need at least ten or maybe twelve million credits to get in on this one."`
			`	He leans forward. "We're looking to fund a refueling station expansion at our logistics hub on Crossroads. We're between an aggressive option, a more conventional expansion, and a more conservative one."`
			`	Howard pauses, gauging your reaction before continuing. "All of the options have their merits, though investors usually prefer the one with the most returns. But the choice is yours if you're in. I'll make sure you get the full details once we're done with this little favor in Oblate."`
			choice
				`	"Alright, I'm in. Let's discuss it more after Oblate."`
					goto accepting
				`	"Why would a shipyard have refueling stations?"`
				`	"None of those options sound good to me. I'm out."`
					decline

> 			`	Howard clearly enjoys the opportunity to explain. "Megaparsec's shipyards here on Sunracer are our crown jewel, building nearly every one of our ships as well as our high performance aircraft and hovercraft. You cannot imagine the logistics required to get the countless capacitors and microchips from Tinker, Delta V's plasma engines from Solace -- heck, we have a dedicated logistics hanger on Crossroads just for shipping the Quicksilver's Particle Cannons! Don't even get me started on the Mantas! Ada's a long ways away, but we sure love Lovelace Labs' products...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Howard clearly enjoys the opportunity to explain. "Megaparsec's shipyards here on Sunracer are our crown jewel, building nearly every one of our ships as well as our high performance aircraft and hovercraft. You cannot imagine the logistics required to get the countless capacitors and microchips from Tinker, Delta V's plasma engines from Solace - heck, we have a dedicated logistics hangar on Crossroads just for shipping the Quicksilver's Particle Cannons! Don't even get me started on the Mantas! Ada's a long ways away, but we sure love Lovelace Labs' products...`
```

			confusion 20
		system "Moktar"
		ship "Vanguard" "Golden Jewel"
		to despawn
			has "syndicate business golden jewel dead"
		on encounter
			conversation
				`When you enter Moktar, your sensors detect the same pirate Vanguard from when you first rescued Howard. Your ship is immediately hailed, and the pirate opens communication.`
				`	"I should have destroyed you when I had the chance. Prepare to meet your end!"`
				choice
					`	"Maybe I should have destroyed you!"`
					`	"Uhhh... who are you again?"`
						goto whomst
				`	"Argh, you slithering, spineless snake! I'll tear your ship apart piece by piece!"`
					goto power
				label whomst
				`	"Bah, you banal, bumbling baboon! Prepare to meet your doom!"`
				label power
				`	You can't help feeling a sense of deja vu as the Vanguard's engines roar to life and you see over half a dozen fixed guns take aim at your ship, ready to strike.`
		on kill
			set "syndicate business golden jewel dead"
			dialog "The crew of the Golden Jewel are no more. You think you can make out the pirate captain drifting in space nearby."

	on enter "Oblate"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
	npc disable save

> 		government "Independent (Killable)"

Reviewer: I'm not sure it makes sense for the Marauder to be Independent. Maybe not even the Vanguard, but that's a side trail...
Then again, if the player is happy with pirates, this could run into trouble. We really need a `Pirate (Killable)` government.
```suggestion
		government "Pirate"
```

Author: Hmmm, making them a straight `"Pirate"` government makes things a bit hairy if the player is friendly with pirates as you mentioned and takes away player agency if a third party like the Republic/Syndicate shows up and fails either mission for the player by killing the ship. A `Pirate (Killable)` gov would fix that, but without it I have those concerns. Do you still think it makes sense to change this to Pirate, or leave as `"Independent (Killable)"`?

Reviewer: That's what I was wondering.
Probably leave it as Independent for now than - the `Pirate (Killable)` government being added has a separate issue already.

			choice
				`	"You know it."`
				`	"Of course."`
			`	"Here's what we're looking at. Megaparsec Incorporated is expanding a refueling station on Crossroads, and we're likely going to go with a conventional expansion. But don't let the term 'conventional' fool you, because Megaparsec rarely expands its refueling stations--this is the first time in over a decade. When we do, it's because we've identified a strategic location that will skyrocket profits. These opportunities are as rare as they come, and most investors never even hear about them. But you've proven yourself, and that's why you're getting a seat at the table."`
			`	He pauses, letting the weight of his words sink in. "Getting in on this is a once-in-a-lifetime chance. We're talking about a key hub on a high-traffic trade route, with a captive market of ships desperate for fuel. The returns will be solid... and dependable. Opportunities like this don't just come around, and when they do, they go fast."`
			choice
				`	"Okay."`
			branch upcharge
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" > 0

> 			`	"Excellent. The price for this investment is ten million credits for a solid 2700 credit per day return. Don't worry about pulling out your wallet just yet--I've pulled a few strings with our friends at the bank. They're willing to structure a loan for you through our Finance Division, no upfront payment needed. You'll just need to sign a few documents to get things moving."`

Reviewer: I suppose one question would be why you don't have a choice to take a bank loan or not.
You might want to pay out-of-hand.

Author: From a gameplay perspective it doesn't _really_ matter since the player can pay out-of-hand by just immediately paying off the loan, but if it's a bit jarring that you don't have that option in the conversation I can add it in.

Reviewer: I'm not sure.
It probably makes sense for Howard to not give you the option to pay out of hand - he's already "pulled some strings" to offer you this, the bank is unlikely to appreciate him canceling on them.
And yes, seeing as how it doesn't impact gameplay it's probably fine to not change it.

					goto nextymean
				`	"I'm done with these deals, I'm leaving."`
					decline
			label nextynice
			action
				debt 10000000
					interest 0.08
					term 3650
			`	He takes the document from you and you see the loan terms on the screen behind him: 10M credits, 10 years, 34% rate.`
				goto nexty
			label nextymean
			action
				debt 11000000
					interest 0.10
					term 3650
			`	He snatches the document from you with a wicked smile and you see the loan terms on the screen behind him: 11M credits, 10 years, 44% rate.`
			label nexty
			`	Howard leans back in his chair. "Well done. You're now part of a very select group, one that's about to see some significant returns. As I mentioned, we're leaning towards a conventional expansion for the refueling station on Crossroads. It's a strategic move and it'll serve the steady stream of ships passing through, locking in profits for years to come of about 2700 credits a day, or around 10% a year."`
			`	He watches you closely, gauging your reaction. "Of course, this is just the standard approach. There's always room to tweak the plan."`
			`	Howard pauses, waiting to see if you're interested in taking the conversation further.`

> 			choice

Reviewer: One more thing about this sequence: the questions can repeat. Ex. "What would it take to boost profits even more?" can be chosen even if you've already asked.

Author: That is intentional so that the player can return to pick an option they previously viewed. Should I change the phrasing to be more fitting for a repeat selection?

Reviewer: That's what I was thinking. They should definitely be able to return.

Author: And done! A bit more finicky to implement than I initially thought.

		random < 40
		credits > 40000000
	on offer
		conversation
			`After an uneventful trip to the spaceport you return to the <ship> and see a message from Howard, the Megaparsec salesman who sold you a one million credit bond. The message says:`
			`	"<first> <last>! My bank contact tells me you've been doing quite well for yourself, and I've come across an even bigger investment opportunity than last time! Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). Looking forward to chatting with you!"`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
			choice
				`	(Message him back that you're on the way.)`
				`	(Send a message congratulating him on the promotion.)`
				`	(Ignore and delete the message.)`
					decline
			`	You immediately receive an automated response:`
			`	"Dear Valued Contact,`
			`	Thank you for reaching out. I am currently out of the office and will respond to your message as soon as possible.`
			`	For urgent matters, please contact our support team."`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the Syndicate's headquarters.`

Author: I think this should still be `<planet>` because otherwise you'd land on Hephaestus and it would say that your ship landed on whatever planet the mission was offered at rather than Hephaestus . I also picked Hephaestus because it was the galactic home of Syndicated Systems, so what about something like:

```suggestion
			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the galactic headquarters of Syndicated Systems.`
```

> 			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the Syndicate's headquarters.`

Reviewer: For some reason I thought this was in the `on offer` rather than `on complete`. Sorry.

> 			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the Syndicate's headquarters.`

Author: All good!

			choice
				`	(Take a seat in the lobby.)`
			branch makeemwait
				has "syndicate business: mean to Howard"
			`	Much to your surprise, the wait is brief. Within minutes, Howard emerges with a warm smile, extending a hand as he welcomes you into his office, clearly eager to discuss the next big deal.`
				goto next
			label makeemwait
			`	Hours crawl by as the polished receptionist offers increasingly strained reassurances. Finally, Howard arrives, barely masking his annoyance, and motions for you to follow with a curt nod, clearly viewing you with disdain.`
			label next
			`	The inside of Howard's office is modest yet stylish, with a sleek table, a few ergonomic chairs, and a large screen cycling through market trends. The minimalist decor is designed to impress anybody who comes in, but it's clear that this is more for show than substance.`
			`	Howard gestures for you to take a seat as he settles behind his desk. His demeanor shifts slightly, and he leans forward, lowering his voice as if sharing a secret.`

> 			`	"You know I've called you here for an incredible investment opportunity," Howard begins. "But before we get into that, I need a small favor. It's nothing too complicated, but there's too many prying eyes here. I'm wrapping up some meetings, but meet me at the spaceport later. I'll fly in my Shuttle as you escort me to Sunracer. I have a few work calls to take on the way, but I'll explain everything once we get there."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"You know I've called you here for an incredible investment opportunity," Howard begins. "But before we get into that, I need a small favor. It's nothing too complicated, but there are too many prying eyes here. I'm wrapping up some meetings, but meet me at the spaceport later. I'll fly in my Shuttle as you escort me to Sunracer. I have a few work calls to take on the way, but I'll explain everything once we get there."`
```

			choice
				`	"Absolutely."`
					goto next2
				`	"Howard, a promotion's a big deal. The office doesn't matter--your work speaks for itself."`
					goto kindy
				`	"Howard, your cubicle is still pathetic. Now, let's get back on track."`
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" ++
			`	Howard flinches, his jaw tightening for a moment before he forces a thin smile. "Pathetic or not, it gets the job done," he says quietly, avoiding your gaze as he fidgets with a paperweight on his desk. "Spaceport. Later." His voice is more clipped now, and he doesn't wait for a response before focusing on his work calls, shutting you out entirely.`
				decline
			label kindy
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --
			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, I've got to get back to work."`
			label next2

> 			`	Howard's attention shifts away from you as he begins taking a series of work calls, his tone shifting seamlessly from charming to authoritative as he negotiates and makes deals. He mouths two words to you: "Spaceport... later..." It's clear that, for now, Howard is finished with you and you'll get no more information.`

Reviewer: You've got two instances of the beginning "shift" here. Maybe you could change one of them, perhaps to this?
```suggestion
			`	Howard's attention shifts away from you as he begins taking a series of work calls, his tone changing seamlessly from charming to authoritative as he negotiates and makes deals. He mouths two words to you: "Spaceport... later..." It's clear that, for now, Howard is finished with you and you'll get no more information.`
```

mission "Syndicate Business 4"
	name "Escort Howard to <planet>"
	description "Escort Howard from Megaparsec Inc. to <planet> to learn what favor is needed in exchange for an investment opportunity."
	priority
	source "Hephaestus"
	to offer
		has "Syndicate Business 3: done"
	destination "Sunracer"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You meet Howard at the spaceport. He's standing on a nearby landing pad by his Shuttle, dressed sharply but looking a bit hurried. He gives you a quick nod as you approach.`

> 			`	"Good to see you're on time," Howard says, glancing at his antique wristwatch. "We've got a lot of ground--or space--to cover." Howard briefly looks at the <ship>. "Your ship ought to go fast enough, I suppose. I'll be tied up in calls for most of the trip, but once we're back at the office, we can talk." He starts toward his Shuttle's ramp, already shifting his attention back to his wristwatch. "Let's get moving."`

Reviewer: I suppose another question would be how can he have calls while piloting?
You could perhaps make this a Bounder/Arrow, to convey a slightly larger feeling of opulence?

Author: My thought was that he'd take calls while piloting much like people take hands-off calls while driving, or how aircraft pilots chat over radio while flying.

For the ship, my plan is for him to get a Bounder after this mission in Part 3 when he really gets a good promotion. As a rough outline for my thoughts, the first mission he was essentially a nobody, this mission he's still junior but starting to get some resources (shuttle and a cubicle office, and he has to rent conference rooms for the "nice" offices), and Part 3 will have the Bounder, a permanent nice office, perhaps an assistant. And then even more opulent in Part 4 (he'll get a Marauder Bounder if the Marauder path stays, maybe a couple escorts, penthouse office, etc).

			`	"Glad you could make it," Howard says, extending his hand. "Apologies for the inconvenience, but it's better to discuss these matters away from potentially 'interested' parties." He motions for you to join him at one of the few sleek chairs in the center of the room.`
			choice
				`	(Take a seat.)`
				`	(Remain standing.)`
					goto shrug
			`	Howard sits beside you in an oddly intimate expression.`
				goto familiar
			label shrug
			`	Howard shrugs and takes a seat anyway.`
			label familiar
			`	Once settled, he leans back in his chair and gives you a serious look. "Tell me," he says, "are you familiar with Marauder ships?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, of course."`
					goto ask
				`	"No, I can't say I am."`
			`	Howard raises an eyebrow. "Marauder ships are nasty pieces of work," he explains. "They're ships with numerous modifications - mostly with combat in mind. More shields, weapons, engines, and outfit space, with enough firepower to tear through a lot of defenses before anyone knows what hit them. They're often used by rogue groups that operate outside the law, preying on vulnerable targets."`
			label ask

> 			`	Howard pauses for a moment before continuing. "Megaparsec is interested in getting our hands on one. We want to study its design, see what makes it tick. We've received word that a Marauder ship was recently spotted in Oblate. I need you to track it down and disable it. Once it's crippled, our recovery team will handle the rest."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Howard pauses for a moment before continuing. "We at Megaparsec are interested in getting our hands on one. We want to study its design, see what makes it tick. We've received word that a Marauder ship was recently spotted in Oblate. I need you to track it down and disable it. Once it's crippled, our recovery team will handle the rest."`
```

			choice
				`	"You got it."`
					goto accepting
				`	"What do you need me for? This sounds like something that the Syndicate could do themselves."`
				`	"No way, I'm done here."`
					decline
			`	Howard shifts a bit in his seat as he considers your question. "Normally we'd contract Lightspeed Logistics for this sort of job. They've got the expertise and resources to handle something like this cleanly." He pauses, choosing his words carefully. "But they lack the discretion. This particular Marauder ship belongs to a pirate who ran in the same circles as a number of Lightspeed contractors. If we sent them in, I'm concerned they might try to study the ship themselves, tip off the pirate, or worse, tip off others in the Syndicate that Megaparsec is making a move.`
			`	"That's where you come in. You're outside the usual network, and that gives us a layer of security. Take this job, and it stays between us. No one else needs to know Megaparsec is involved."`
			choice
				`	"Alright, I'm in."`
					goto accepting
				`	"And where does that promised investment opportunity fit in?"`
					goto investingop
				`	"I'm still not interested."`
					decline
			label investingop

> 			`	His face brightens at the mention of the investment. "Ah, yes, the opportunity. It's much larger than the last deal you were part of, but the returns are still very competitive. You'll need at least ten or maybe twelve million credits to get in on this one."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Howard's face brightens at the mention of the investment. "Ah, yes, the opportunity. It's much larger than the last deal you were part of, but the returns are still very competitive. You'll need at least ten or maybe twelve million credits to get in on this one."`
```

			`	"In fact, the ancillary benefits are largely why there's such discretion in how the expansion will go. The aggressive and conservative fueling options both offer R&D and partnership benefits that are more than the project's direct returns."`
			choice
				`	"That makes sense. Let's discuss the deal more after Oblate."`
				`	"Thanks for the overview, but I'm still not interested. I'm out."`
					decline
			label accepting
			`	Howard nods with approval. "Excellent. The Marauder ship was last seen near Oblate, in the outer rim of that system. It's likely to be well armed, so stay sharp. Once you've disabled it, head back here and I'll make sure you're properly compensated."`
			branch blewupgolden
				has "syndicate business golden jewel dead"
			`	He cracks a smile. "I remember the first time we met you left that Vanguard alive. Same deal here, but disable the Marauder. Hopefully that Vanguard's not still around.`
				goto ending
			label blewupgolden

> 			`	He leans in slightly, lowering his voice. "Just be careful. We don't want to destroy the ship. Cripple it so we can study it, but don't blow it into oblivion like you did to that Vanguard when we first met.`

Reviewer: So I've got an interesting comment.
Is the existence of the word "to" really justified here?
I think it may be better without it (and I would provide a detailed explanation on why, but I'm not actually sure. I just think it sounds better. Feel free to refute this if you think I'm wrong).
```suggestion
			`	He leans in slightly, lowering his voice. "Just be careful. We don't want to destroy the ship. Cripple it so we can study it, but don't blow it into oblivion like you did that Vanguard when we first met.`
```

Author: Yep, that works without "to." Without the "to" is a bit more casual, the "did" just gets an implied object, and the meaning is still clear. Nice phrasing change.

				`	"I should have destroyed you when I had the chance. Prepare to meet your end!"`
				choice
					`	"Maybe I should have destroyed you!"`
					`	"Uhhh... who are you again?"`
						goto whomst
				`	"Argh, you slithering, spineless snake! I'll tear your ship apart piece by piece!"`
					goto power
				label whomst
				`	"Bah, you banal, bumbling baboon! Prepare to meet your doom!"`
				label power
				`	You can't help feeling a sense of deja vu as the Vanguard's engines roar to life and you see over half a dozen fixed guns take aim at your ship, ready to strike.`
		on kill
			set "syndicate business golden jewel dead"
			dialog "The crew of the Golden Jewel are no more. You think you can make out the pirate captain drifting in space nearby."

	on enter "Oblate"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
	npc disable save
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic staying vindictive
			confusion 20
		system "Oblate"
		ship "Marauder Quicksilver (Engines) (Safe)" "Pilgrim Shadow"
		on disable
			conversation
				`The ship has been disabled. You receive a message from Howard almost immediately:`

> 				`	"<first> <last>, you've done it again! Meet back at <destination> to discuss."`

Reviewer: I think "discuss" here doesn't work as well grammatically as a different word that means the same thing? Maybe the way the sentence is put?
```suggestion
				`	"<first> <last>, you've done it again! Meet me on <destination> to talk about this victory."`
```
This sentence somehow feels more natural to me than the way it is now.

Author: I was going for the corporate feel that uses phrases like "lets discuss," "set up a meeting to discuss," etc, but I'm good to change it here if that feels better.

Reviewer: Well, I don't know. I think it sounds better my way, but I don't know how "big business" is really supposed to operate. If discuss is used for corporations, then by all means leave it in that way.

Author: Well there's a million usable corporate phrases, so it'd still be better to pick one that feels natural/better. Put together another few options with corporate jargon, also throwing in a few sports business ones that could fit better with a salesman vs generic business. Do you like any of these?
`	"<first> <last>, you've done it again! Let's circle back on <destination> to align on next steps."`

`	"<first> <last>, this is a game changer! Let's sync up on <destination> to debrief."`

`	"<first> <last>, another home run! Meet me on <destination> to touch base."`

		random < 40
		credits > 40000000
	on offer
		conversation
			`After an uneventful trip to the spaceport you return to the <ship> and see a message from Howard, the Megaparsec salesman who sold you a one million credit bond. The message says:`
			`	"<first> <last>! My bank contact tells me you've been doing quite well for yourself, and I've come across an even bigger investment opportunity than last time! Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). Looking forward to chatting with you!"`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
			choice
				`	(Message him back that you're on the way.)`
				`	(Send a message congratulating him on the promotion.)`
				`	(Ignore and delete the message.)`
					decline
			`	You immediately receive an automated response:`
			`	"Dear Valued Contact,`
			`	Thank you for reaching out. I am currently out of the office and will respond to your message as soon as possible.`
			`	For urgent matters, please contact our support team."`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the galactic headquarters of Syndicated Systems.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office, which is very near to the galactic headquarters of Syndicated Systems.`
```
Or maybe close to. At the moment the sentence feels run-on.
```suggestion
			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office, which is close to the galactic headquarters of Syndicated Systems.`
```

			`	Howard flinches, his jaw tightening for a moment before he forces a thin smile. "Pathetic or not, it gets the job done," he says quietly, avoiding your gaze as he fidgets with a paperweight on his desk. "Spaceport. Later." His voice is more clipped now, and he doesn't wait for a response before focusing on his work calls, shutting you out entirely.`
				decline
			label kindy
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --
			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, I've got to get back to work."`
			label next2
			`	Howard's attention shifts away from you as he begins taking a series of work calls, his tone changing seamlessly from charming to authoritative as he negotiates and makes deals. He mouths two words to you: "Spaceport... later..." It's clear that, for now, Howard is finished with you and you'll get no more information.`

mission "Syndicate Business 4"
	name "Escort Howard to <planet>"
	description "Escort Howard from Megaparsec Inc. to <planet> to learn what favor is needed in exchange for an investment opportunity."
	priority
	source "Hephaestus"
	to offer
		has "Syndicate Business 3: done"
	destination "Sunracer"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You meet Howard at the spaceport. He's standing on a nearby landing pad by his Shuttle, dressed sharply but looking a bit hurried. He gives you a quick nod as you approach.`

Reviewer: There are two words which use "by" here. Change one of them?
```suggestion
			`You meet Howard at the spaceport. He's standing on a nearby landing pad next to his Shuttle, dressed sharply but looking a bit hurried. He gives you a quick nod as you approach.`
```
```suggestion
			`You meet Howard at the spaceport. He's standing on a landing pad next to his Shuttle, dressed sharply but looking a bit hurried. He gives you a quick nod as you approach.`
```

			`	"Good to see you're on time," Howard says, glancing at his antique wristwatch. "We've got a lot of ground--or space--to cover." Howard briefly looks at the <ship>. "Your ship ought to go fast enough, I suppose. I'll be tied up in calls for most of the trip, but once we're back at the office, we can talk." He starts toward his Shuttle's ramp, already shifting his attention back to his wristwatch. "Let's get moving."`
				launch
	npc accompany save
		government "Syndicate"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Shuttle" "Gallant Knight"
		on kill
			dialog "You watch as Howard's Shuttle explodes into a cloud of debris along with any hope of an investment opportunity."
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality harvests nemesis plunders staying

> 			confusion 40

Reviewer: These are very amateur pirates.

Author: I know pirates are typically 20, for this one I copied the confusion used for Tiny Escort jobs. These fellas aren't likely to be more than a minor nuisance regardless of confusion, so happy to change if that's desired.

			`	Howard greets you with a smile as you step into his office. The room is as you left it -- modern, modest, and with a clear view of the shipyards below. "Welcome back," he says, gesturing for you to take a seat. "I take it the job in Oblate went smoothly?"`
			choice
				`	"Of course."`
					goto next1
				`	"Didn't you message me as soon as I did it?"`
			`	"True enough, just making conversation," he says with a grin. "The important thing is that the job's done. Now, let's get down to business.`
			label next1
			`	"Our recovery team is already retrieving the ship as we speak. You've done well. Here's a payment for that favor, 25,000 credits."`
			choice
				`	"Thanks."`
					goto investmentopps
				`	"25,000?! You must have forgotten a zero there, you cheapskate!"`
					goto cheapskate
				`	"I appreciate the offer, but there's no need for payment this time. Consider it purely a favor--I'm happy to help."`
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --
				payment -25000

> 			`	"That's generous of you, and I appreciate it."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"That's generous of you, and I appreciate it.`
```

			choice
				`	"Of course."`
					goto high
				`	"I'm backing out. I can't ethically invest in this."`
			`	Howard nods. "I get it, ethics are important and I respect your decision. Unfortunately, the initial deposit is non-refundable, nothing I can do there. Best of luck finding another investment that suits you."`
				decline
			label high
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" = 500
			`	"Excellent. As a bond owner of Megaparsec Incorporated, you will now receive a daily dividend. I have some work to attend to with our major shareholders, but it was a pleasure doing business with you, Captain."`

# Part 2
# Best case: 10m, 4100 per day best case out of the negative after ~6.7 years
# Worst case: 11m, 2000 per day worst case out of the negative after ~15 years (13.7 years, plus a little longer for 10M-->11M)
# Super Worst case: 11m, 2000 per day worst case out of the negative after over 40 years if you don't pay off the debt
# Driven by if you were mean to Howard in part 1 and part 2, which of 3 investment options picked, and if you pay off debt ASAP

mission "Syndicate Business 3"
	name "Visit Howard on <planet>"

> 	description "Howard, from Megaparsec Inc., wants to tell you about an investment opportunity."

Reviewer: Now that I think about it, the player already knows who Howard is. So maybe remove the epithet stating he's from Megaparsec?:
```suggestion
	description "Howard wants to tell you about another investment opportunity."
```
Or not:
```suggestion
	description "Howard, from Megaparsec Inc., wants to tell you about another investment opportunity."
```

			choice
				`	"Absolutely."`
					goto next2
				`	"Howard, a promotion's a big deal. The office doesn't matter--your work speaks for itself."`
					goto kindy
				`	"Howard, your cubicle is still pathetic. Now, let's get back on track."`
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" ++
			`	Howard flinches, his jaw tightening for a moment before he forces a thin smile. "Pathetic or not, it gets the job done," he says quietly, avoiding your gaze as he fidgets with a paperweight on his desk. "Spaceport. Later." His voice is more clipped now, and he doesn't wait for a response before focusing on his work calls, shutting you out entirely.`
				decline
			label kindy
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --
			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, back to work."`
			label next2
			`	Howard's attention shifts away from you as he begins taking a series of work calls, his tone shifting seamlessly from charming to authoritative as he negotiates and makes deals. He mouths two words to you: "Spaceport... later..." It's clear that, for now, Howard is finished with you and you'll get no more information.`

mission "Syndicate Business 4"
	name "Escort Howard to <planet>"

> 	description "Escort Howard from Megaparsec Inc. to <planet> to learn what favor is needed in exchange for an investment opportunity."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Escort Howard from Megaparsec Inc. to <planet> to learn what favor is needed in exchange for an investment opportunity."
	priority
```

	source "Hephaestus"
	to offer
		has "Syndicate Business 3: done"
	destination "Sunracer"
	on offer

> 		conversation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log "Agreed to take Howard from Megaparsec to Sunracer so we could negotiate a business deal."
		conversation
```

				launch
	npc accompany save
		government "Syndicate"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Shuttle" "Gallant Knight"
		on kill
			dialog "You watch as Howard's shuttle explodes into a cloud of debris along with any hope of an investment opportunity."
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality harvests nemesis plunders staying
			confusion 40
		system destination
		fleet
			names "pirate"
			variant
				"Wasp" 3
			variant
				"Quicksilver"

	on complete
		conversation
			`As soon as you land, you see a message from Howard:`
			`	"<first> <last>! Looks like I beat you landing on <planet>! Meet me at my office near the spaceport to talk further. (Again, note the address change.)"`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`

mission "Syndicate Business 5"
	name "Disable a Marauder ship on <planet>"

> 	description "Howard from Megaparsec Inc. wants you to disable a Marauder ship in exchange for an investment opportunity."

Reviewer: Same here, though I'm less sure about it in this case.
```suggestion
	description "Howard wants you to disable a Marauder ship in exchange for an investment opportunity."
```

> 	minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	priority
```
It's stated somewhere on the wiki that missions which continue a chain should be priority.

			`	"Ahem. All that to say, refueling stations, while few, are part of our larger strategy in vertical integration. Refueling stations are the heart of our logistics network for bringing all the parts we need here and for getting various vehicles out of here to be sold across the Republic.`
			`	"There are, of course, ancillary benefits as well. For R&D, we can test the impact of different fuel mixtures on our ships prior to entering the market. For partnerships, we can include fueling rights in large-scale sales agreements. At our largest logistics hubs the economies of scale even allow us to competitively offer refueling services on the open market, giving us a diversified revenue stream.`
			`	"In fact, the ancillary benefits are largely why there's such discretion in how the expansion will go. The aggressive and conservative fueling options both offer R&D and partnership benefits that are more than the project's direct returns."`
			choice
				`	"That makes sense. Let's discuss the deal more after Oblate."`
				`	"Thanks for the overview, but I'm still not interested. I'm out."`
					decline

> 			label accepting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			label accepting
			action
				log "Agreed to disable a Marauder ship for Howard."
```

Reviewer: This one is probably too short.

			`	Howard nods with approval. "Excellent. The Marauder ship was last seen near Oblate, in the outer rim of that system. It's likely to be well armed, so stay sharp. Once you've disabled it, head back here and I'll make sure you're properly compensated."`
			branch blewupgolden
				has "syndicate business golden jewel dead"
			`	He cracks a smile. "I remember the first time we met you left that Vanguard alive. Same deal here, but disable the Marauder. Hopefully that Vanguard's not still around.`
				goto ending
			label blewupgolden
			`	He leans in slightly, lowering his voice. "Just be careful. We don't want to destroy the ship. Cripple it so we can study it, but don't blow it into oblivion like you did to that Vanguard when we first met.`
			label ending
			`	"Well, that's all I have for you. Goodbye and good luck!"`
				accept

	on enter "Moktar"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
	npc
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic staying vindictive
			confusion 20
		system "Moktar"
		ship "Vanguard" "Golden Jewel"
		to despawn
			has "syndicate business golden jewel dead"
		on encounter
			conversation

> 				`When you enter <waypoints>, your sensors detect the same pirate Vanguard from when you first rescued Howard. Your ship is immediately hailed, and the pirate opens communication.`

Reviewer: The waypoint is Oblate, so this won't make sense.
```suggestion
				`When you enter Moktar, your sensors detect the same pirate Vanguard from when you first rescued Howard. Your ship is immediately hailed, and the pirate opens communication.`
```

				`	"I should have destroyed you when I had the chance. Prepare to meet your end!"`
				choice
					`	"Maybe I should have destroyed you!"`
					`	"Uhhh... who are you again?"`
						goto whomst
				`	"Argh, you slithering, spineless snake! I'll tear your ship apart piece by piece!"`
					goto power
				label whomst
				`	"Bah, you banal, bumbling baboon! Prepare to meet your doom!"`
				label power
				`	You can't help feeling a sense of deja vu as the Vanguard's engines roar to life and you see over half a dozen fixed guns take aim at your ship, ready to strike.`
		on kill
			set "syndicate business golden jewel dead"
			dialog "The crew of the Golden Jewel are no more. You think you can make out the pirate captain drifting in space nearby."

	on enter "Oblate"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
	npc disable save
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic staying vindictive
			confusion 20
		system "Oblate"
		ship "Marauder Quicksilver (Engines) (Safe)" "Pilgrim Shadow"

> 		on disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		on disable
			"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = 0
```
This makes it harder to accidentally destroy the ship.
~~also, you forgot to reset reputation anywhere, which may conflict with other missions~~

Reviewer: Probably.

			choice
				`	"Bring on the profits, this unregulated option is the one for me."`
					goto choseplanb
				`	"Tell me about the conventional expansion again."`
					goto plana
				`	"And if I have concerns about the environmental impact?"`
					goto planc
			label planc
			`	"There's also the eco-friendly route. We'd invest in green energy technologies and refining processes that minimize environmental impact and implement best-in-class workplace safety protocols. It's the most expensive option, and it'll slow our expansion, but it would reduce our environmental liabilities and might give us some goodwill. Easily the worst returns with around 2000 credits a day expected, or just around 7% a year."`
			choice
				`	"This environmental and safety focused option is the one for me."`
					goto choseplanc
				`	"Tell me about the conventional expansion again."`
					goto plana
				`	"What would it take to boost profits even more?"`
					goto planb
			label choseplana
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" += 2700

> 				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m neutral"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m neutral"
				log "After disabling a Marauder for Howard, I was able to choose between three investment options. Ended up choosing the conventional approach."
```

			`	"Excellent choice. The conventional expansion is a safe bet with solid returns. It's not the flashiest option, but the steady stream of ships passing through Crossroads will ensure consistent profits. The only drawback is that it won't make headlines--but it'll keep the credits flowing smoothly."`
				goto ending
			label choseplanb
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" += 4100

> 				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m evil"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m evil"
				log "After disabling a Marauder for Howard, I was able to choose between three investment options. Ended up choosing the profitable approach."
```

			`	"Well done. The unregulated option is bold and ambitious--exactly the kind of move the Syndicate prizes. The volatility of this fuel isn't for the faint of heart, but some bad PR is well worth the profits and potential learnings we'll achieve. High risk often means high reward."`
				goto ending
			label choseplanc
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" += 2000

> 				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m good"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m good"
				log "After disabling a Marauder for Howard, I was able to choose between three investment options. Ended up choosing the eco-friendly approach."
```

			`	"An admirable decision. The eco-friendly route won't make the most credits, but it's a forward-thinking investment. It could pay off in other ways, like reduced turnover and environmental liabilities. Objectively the worst investment from a returns perspective, but I suppose you value other things more."`

> 			label ending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			label ending
			action
				log "People" "Howard Vendeur" "Apparently Howard has the authority to completely change which way investments with his firm go."
```

Reviewer: What I meant by that was he can agree to what one investor says without consulting others.
But this is another unnecessary one.

			choice
				`	"Thanks."`
			`	"Alright, now that we've settled on your investment, let's get the rest of the paperwork squared away." He slides a stack of documents across the desk. "These cover the remaining loan terms, the investment agreement, and the usual legal fine print. Nothing too complicated, just a few signatures to make it all official." He hands you the same sleek pen from earlier, his expression all business. "Once this is done, you'll be a stakeholder in one of Megaparsec's most promising expansions."`
			choice
				`	(Sign the paperwork.)`
			`	With the last signature in place, Howard gives you a nod of approval. "Congratulations. You've made a smart move today. I'll keep you in mind for future investment opportunities. Who knows, maybe I'll need another Marauder-related favor down the line." He gives you a wink and stands, offering his hand. "Until next time, we'll keep in touch."`
			`	After that final goodbye, you leave Howard's office, the quiet hum of the corporate floor giving way to the loud clanging of Sunracer's bustling shipyards and spaceport as you head back to the <ship>.`

> 			action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 				log `Made a second investment in Megaparsec Incorporated with Howard Vendeur, this time for ten million credits.`

Reviewer: Maybe move these to be just under the label, for consistency?

> 				log `Made a second investment in Megaparsec Incorporated with Howard Vendeur, this time for ten million credits.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

				goto next2
			label offices
			`	Howard leans back with a knowing smile. "Well, 'office' is a bit generous for this place," he admits, gesturing around the room. "This is more of a glorified conference room I can reserve for investor meetings here on Hephaestus. My real office is back on Sunracer, where the serious deals happen. You'll see what I mean when we get there."`
			choice
				`	"Can't wait."`
					goto next2
				`	"Is that a glorified conference room too?"`
			`	Howard's smile falters slightly. He forces a light chuckle, though the tension is noticeable. "Well, if I'm being honest, the Sunracer office is... also technically reservable," he admits, rubbing his neck and looking almost pained. "But just as nice! And, uh... look, my real office is technically a cubicle, but compared to the kiosk last time we met? It's a big step up." He shrugs, trying to brush it off. "But hey, we don't need fancy spaces to make serious deals. Let's get back on track, yeah?" He clears his throat.`
			choice
				`	"Absolutely."`
					goto next2
				`	"Howard, a promotion's a big deal. The office doesn't matter--your work speaks for itself."`
					goto kindy

> 				`	"Howard, your a cubicle is still pathetic. Now, let's get back on track."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Howard, your cubicle is still pathetic. Now, let's get back on track."`
```

			`	Howard flinches, his jaw tightening for a moment before he forces a thin smile. "Pathetic or not, it gets the job done," he says quietly, avoiding your gaze as he fidgets with a paperweight on his desk. "Spaceport. Later." His voice is more clipped now, and he doesn't wait for a response before focusing on his work calls, shutting you out entirely.`
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" ++
			choice

> 				`(Leave.)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	(Leave.)`
```

					decline
			label kindy
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --

> 			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, let's focus on future."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, let's focus on the future."`
```
Does it make sense for him to say that and then immediately start ignoring you?

			`	"Good to see you're on time," Howard says, glancing at his antique wristwatch. "We've got a lot of ground--or space--to cover." Howard briefly looks at the <ship>. "Your ship ought to go fast enough, I suppose. I'll be tied up in calls for most of the trip, but once we're back at the office, we can talk." He starts toward his Shuttle's ramp, already shifting his attention back to his wristwatch. "Let's get moving."`
				launch
	npc accompany save
		government "Syndicate"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Shuttle" "Gallant Knight"
		on kill
			dialog "You watch as Howard's shuttle explodes into a cloud of debris along with any hope of an investment opportunity."
	npc
		government "Pirate"
		personality harvests nemesis plunders staying
			confusion 40
		system destination
		fleet
			names "pirate"
			variant
				"Wasp" 3
			variant
				"Quicksilver"

	on complete
		conversation
			`As soon as you land, you see a message from Howard:`
			`	"<first> <last>! Looks like I beat you landing on <planet>! Meet me at my office near the spaceport to talk further. (Again, note the address change.)"`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

			choice
				`	"Yes, of course."`
					goto ask
				`	"No, I can't say I am."`
			`	Howard raises an eyebrow. "Marauder ships are nasty pieces of work," he explains. "They're ships with numerous modifications - mostly with combat in mind. More shields, weapons, engines, and outfit space, with enough firepower to tear through a lot of defenses before anyone knows what hit them. They're often used by rogue groups that operate outside the law, preying on vulnerable targets."`
			label ask
			`	Howard pauses for a moment before continuing. "Megaparsec is interested in getting our hands on one. We want to study its design, see what makes it tick. We've received word that a Marauder ship was recently spotted in Oblate. I need you to track it down and disable it. Once it's crippled, our recovery team will handle the rest."`
			`	He gives you a pointed look. "Think you can handle that?"`
			choice
				`	"You got it."`
					goto accepting
				`	"What do you need me for? This sounds like something that the Syndicate could do themselves."`
				`	"No way, I'm done here."`
					decline

> 			`	Howard shifts a bit in his seat as he considers your question. "Normally, we'd contract Lightspeed Logistics for this sort of job. They've got the expertise and resources to handle something like this cleanly." He pauses, choosing his words carefully. "But they lack the discretion. This particular Marauder ship belongs to a pirate who ran in the same circles as a number of Lightspeed contractors. If we sent them in, I'm concerned they might try to study the ship themselves, tip off the pirate, or worse, tip off others in the Syndicate that Megaparsec is making a move."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Howard shifts a bit in his seat as he considers your question. "Normally we'd contract Lightspeed Logistics for this sort of job. They've got the expertise and resources to handle something like this cleanly." He pauses, choosing his words carefully. "But they lack the discretion. This particular Marauder ship belongs to a pirate who ran in the same circles as a number of Lightspeed contractors. If we sent them in, I'm concerned they might try to study the ship themselves, tip off the pirate, or worse, tip off others in the Syndicate that Megaparsec is making a move."`
```

			`	"Ahem. All that to say, refueling stations, while few, are part of our larger strategy in vertical integration. Refueling stations are the heart of our logistics network for bringing all the parts we need here and for getting various vehicles out of here to be sold across the Republic.`
			`	"There are, of course, ancillary benefits as well. For R&D, we can test the impact of different fuel mixtures on our ships prior to entering the market. For partnerships, we can include fueling rights in large-scale sales agreements. At our largest logistics hubs the economies of scale even allow us to competitively offer refueling services on the open market, giving us a diversified revenue stream.`

> 			`	"In fact, the ancillary benefits are largely why there's such discretion in how the expansion will go. The aggressive and conservative fueling options both offer R&D and partnership benefits that are more than the project's directs returns."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"In fact, the ancillary benefits are largely why there's such discretion in how the expansion will go. The aggressive and conservative fueling options both offer R&D and partnership benefits that are more than the project's direct returns."`
```

				`		Howard Vendeur`
				`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
	on complete
		event "10m investment done" 180
		payment 25000
		conversation
			`You arrive back on Sunracer to a spaceport buzzing with activity. You make your way through the bustling shipyard toward the towering Megaparsec building. Entering the lobby, the receptionist gives you a nod, and you quickly ascend to the eighth floor.`
			`	Howard greets you with a smile as you step into his office. The room is as you left it -- modern, modest, and with a clear view of the shipyards below. "Welcome back," he says, gesturing for you to take a seat. "I take it the job in Oblate went smoothly?"`
			choice
				`	"Of course."`
					goto next1
				`	"Didn't you message me as soon as I did it?"`
			`	"True enough, just making conversation," he says with a grin. "The important thing is that the job's done. Now, let's get down to business.`
			label next1
			`	"Our recovery team is already retrieving the ship as we speak. You've done well. Here's a payment for that favor, 25,000 credits."`
			choice

> 				"Thanks."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Thanks."`
```

					goto investmentopps

> 				"25,000?! You must have forgotten a zero there, you cheapskate!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"25,000?! You must have forgotten a zero there, you cheapskate!"`
```

					goto cheapskate

> 				"I appreciate the offer, but there's no need for payment this time. Consider it purely a favor--I'm happy to help."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I appreciate the offer, but there's no need for payment this time. Consider it purely a favor--I'm happy to help."`
```

			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --
				payment -25000
			`	"That's generous of you, and I appreciate it."`
				goto investmentopps
			label cheapskate
			`	"I see... well, let's not make this more difficult than it needs to be," he says in a clipped tone. "I'll transfer another 175,000 credits now to make it an even 200,000. But in the future, I'd appreciate it if you would remember the privilege you have of working with Megaparsec Incorporated.`
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" ++
				payment 175000
			label investmentopps
			`	"Now, let's talk about that investment opportunity."`
			`	Howard pulls up a holographic display on the digital screen behind him. Various charts and projections flash by. "Ready for the pitch?"`
			choice
				`	"You know it."`
				`	"Of course."`

> 			`	"Here's what we're looking at. Megaparsec Incorporated is expanding a refueling station on Crossroads, and we're likely going to go with a conventional expansion. But don't let the term 'conventional' fool you, Megaparsec rarely expands its refueling stations--this is the first time in over a decade. When we do, it's because we've identified a strategic location that will skyrocket profits. These opportunities are as rare as they come, and most investors never even hear about them. But you've proven yourself, and that's why you're getting a seat at the table."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Here's what we're looking at. Megaparsec Incorporated is expanding a refueling station on Crossroads, and we're likely going to go with a conventional expansion. But don't let the term 'conventional' fool you, because Megaparsec rarely expands its refueling stations--this is the first time in over a decade. When we do, it's because we've identified a strategic location that will skyrocket profits. These opportunities are as rare as they come, and most investors never even hear about them. But you've proven yourself, and that's why you're getting a seat at the table."`
```

				choice
					`	Best not to dwell on these things.`

	on enter "Oblate"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
	npc disable save
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic staying vindictive
			confusion 20
		system "Oblate"
		ship "Marauder Quicksilver (Engines) (Safe)" "Pilgrim Shadow"
		on disable
			conversation
				`The ship has been disabled. You receive a message from Howard almost immediately:`
				`	"<first> <last>, you've done it again! Meet back at <destination> to discuss."`
				`		Howard Vendeur`
				`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
		on kill
			conversation
				`The ship has been destroyed. Like before, you almost immediately receive a message from Howard:`
				`	"What have you done, I said disable the ship! You've completely destroyed my plans, cost us millions, and ruined any chance of salvaging this operation--how could you possibly mess this up so badly? Don't come back, we're done."`
				`		Howard Vendeur`
				`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
	on complete
		event "10m investment done" 180

> 		payment 175000

Author: This is giving me two thoughts. 

1. Maybe this should actually be more of a plot point. What about making the payment insultingly low (25,000 or 50,000 credits) and the player can call him out on it to get 125,000 (or go the opposite way and tell Howard that no payment is needed)?
2. Semi-related, would it be interesting if I expanded the "mean to Howard" to be more karma-esque, so this mission chain has 1-2 places where the player can be mean or nice to Howard (like in the above calling out Howard and demanding more more money adds to the "mean to Howard," but saying that no payment is needed at all subtracts from "mean to Howard". That way his actions can be scaled a bit off of how nice or mean you were, and doesn't solely rely on what you did in the first mission.

> 		payment 175000

Reviewer: That would be great!

> 		payment 175000

Reviewer: Though upon further reflection, is it possible for conditions to be negative? I'm not sure it is.

			label high
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" = 500
			`	"Excellent. As a bond owner of Megaparsec Incorporated, you will now receive a daily dividend. I have some work to attend to with our major shareholders, but it was a pleasure doing business with you, Captain."`

# Part 2
# Best case: 10m, 2700 per day best case out of the negative after almost 10.1 years
# Worst case: 11m, 1500 per day worst case out of the negative after 20 years
# Super Worst case: 11m, 1500 per day worst case out of the negative after 38 years
# Driven by if you were mean to Howard, which of 3 investment options picked, and if you pay off debt ASAP

mission "Syndicate Business 3"
	name "Visit Howard on <planet>"
	description "Howard, from Megaparsec Inc., wants to tell you about an investment opportunity."
	source
		government "Syndicate"
		attributes "core"
		not planet "Hephaestus"
	destination "Hephaestus"
	to offer
		has "Syndicate Business 2: done"
		random < 40
		credits > 40000000
	on offer
		conversation
			`After an uneventful trip to the spaceport you return to the <ship> and see a message from Howard, the Megaparsec salesman who sold you a one million credit bond. The message says:`

> 			`	"<first> <last>! My bank contact tells me you've been doing quite well for yourself, and I've come across an even bigger investment opportunity than last time! Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). Looking forward to chat!"`

Reviewer: > Looking forward to chat

is technically incorrect. Maybe you could do this instead?
```suggestion
			`	"<first> <last>! My bank contact tells me you've been doing quite well for yourself, and I've come across an even bigger investment opportunity than last time! Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). Looking forward to chatting with you!"`
```

			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
			choice
				`	(Message him back that you're on the way.)`
				`	(Send a message congratulating him on the promotion.)`
				`	(Ignore and delete the message.)`
					decline
			`	You immediately receive an automated response:`
			`	"Dear Valued Contact,`
			`	Thank you for reaching out. I am currently out of the office and will respond to your message as soon as possible.`
			`	For urgent matters, please contact our support team."`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`You land <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the Syndicate's headquarters.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You land your ship on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the Syndicate's headquarters.`
```
```suggestion
			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office near the Syndicate's headquarters.`
```

			`	You find yourself waiting in a sleek, sterile lobby, with the hum of distant machinery filling the air. The walls are lined with glossy advertisements for the various fast and lightweight ships, aircraft, and hovercraft that Megaparsec is known for, while a polite receptionist assures you that Howard will be with you "shortly," though you suspect that could mean anything from minutes to hours.`
			choice
				`	(Take a seat in the lobby.)`
			branch makeemwait
				has "syndicate business: mean to Howard"
			`	Much to your surprise, the wait is brief. Within minutes, Howard emerges with a warm smile, extending a hand as he welcomes you into his office, clearly eager to discuss the next big deal.`
				goto next
			label makeemwait

> 			`	Hours crawl by as the polished receptionist offers increasingly strained reassurances. Finally, Howard arrives, barely masking his annoyance, and motions for you to follow with a curt nod, clearly viewing this meeting as an inconvenience.`

Reviewer: > as an inconvenience

Even though he asked you to come?

Author: My thought here is that First Last is clearly the richest person Howard knows and Howard does kind of need the player for this investment, but if you were mean to him he still does _not_ like you and is not happy about needing to have the meeting with you, even if he did ask for it. 

If that's not coming across very well, would it be better if I change it to something like `clearly viewing you with disdain`?

Reviewer: I think "viewing with disdain" would probably be better, but your choice. The way you have it does make sense.

			label next

> 			`	The inside of Howard's office is modest yet stylish, with a sleek table, a few ergonomic chairs, and a large screen cycling through market trends. The minimalist decor is designed to impress, but it's clear this is more for show than substance.`

Reviewer: Impress who/what?
```suggestion
			`	The inside of Howard's office is modest yet stylish, with a sleek table, a few ergonomic chairs, and a large screen cycling through market trends. The minimalist decor is designed to impress anybody who comes in, but it's clear this is more for show than substance.`
```

Author: I was trying a riff off of the idiom "dress to impress," which doesn't have a specific who/what, but is often implied to be professional contexts (or fancy parties). Does that make this one fine or do you still it's better/more clear with the `anybody who comes in`?

Reviewer: I would say it's probably more clear with my suggested change.

			`	Howard gestures for you to take a seat as he settles behind his desk. His demeanor shifts slightly, and he leans forward, lowering his voice as if sharing a secret.`

> 			`	"You know I've called you here for an incredible investment opportunity," Howard begins. "But before we get into that, I need a small favor. It's nothing too complicated, but there's too many prying eyes here. I'm wrapping up some meetings today, but meet me at the spaceport tomorrow. I'll fly in my shuttle as your escort to Sunracer. I have a few work calls to take on the way, but I'll explain everything once we get there."`

Reviewer: You can't make time pass with missions just yet. Do you have an event to meet him?

Author: Ah, I just assumed every time you go to the spaceport a day passes. Would it be better to change `tomorrow` to just `later` and sidestep that whole issue?

Reviewer: I think so, yes.

				goto next2
			label offices
			`	Howard leans back with a knowing smile. "Well, 'office' is a bit generous for this place," he admits, gesturing around the room. "This is more of a glorified conference room I can reserve for investor meetings here on Hephaestus. My real office is back on Sunracer, where the serious deals happen. You'll see what I mean when we get there."`
			choice
				`	"Can't wait."`
					goto next2
				`	"Is that a glorified conference room too?"`
			`	Howard's smile falters slightly. He forces a light chuckle, though the tension is noticeable. "Well, if I'm being honest, the Sunracer office is... also technically reservable," he admits, rubbing his neck and looking almost pained. "But just as nice! And, uh... look, my real office is technically a cubicle, but compared to the kiosk last time we met? It's a big step up." He shrugs, trying to brush it off. "But hey, we don't need fancy spaces to make serious deals. Let's get back on track, yeah?" He clears his throat.`
			label next2

> 			`	Howard's attention shifts away from you as he begins taking a series of work calls, his tone shifting seamlessly from charming to authoritative as he negotiates and makes deals. As he walks off he turns and mouths two words to you: "Spaceport... Tomorrow..." It's clear that, for now, Howard is finished with you and you'll get no more information.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Howard's attention shifts away from you as he begins taking a series of work calls, his tone shifting seamlessly from charming to authoritative as he negotiates and makes deals. As he walks off he turns and mouths two words to you: "Spaceport... tomorrow..." It's clear that, for now, Howard is finished with you and you'll get no more information.`
```

mission "Syndicate Business 4"
	name "Escort Howard to <planet>"
	description "Escort Howard from Megaparsec Inc. to <planet> to learn what favor is needed in exchange for an investment opportunity."
	source "Hephaestus"
	to offer
		has "Syndicate Business 3: done"
	destination "Sunracer"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You meet Howard at the spaceport. He's standing on a nearby landing pad by his Shuttle, dressed sharply but looking a bit hurried. He gives you a quick nod as you approach.`

> 			`	"Good to see you're on time," Howard says, glancing at his antique wristwatch. "We've got a lot of ground--or space--to cover." Howard briefly looks at the <ship>. "Your <model> ought to go fast enough, I suppose. I'll be tied up in calls for most of the trip, but once we're back at the office, we can talk." He starts toward his shuttle's ramp, already shifting his attention back to his wristwatch. "Let's get moving."`

Reviewer: What if you're flying an alien ship (like a Kimek Spire) that Howard has never heard of before?

Author: Hmmmm... I wanted to use the new <model> feature but you're right that it probably is a bit contrived to think Howard would know alien ships (or that they would all have the ship model plastered on the side or something). I'll change this to `Your ship`.

Reviewer: I suppose you could have a complicated `to display` node, so if you're flying a human ship he recognizes it, and if not he's surprised, but that could be an unnecessary level of complexity.

				launch
	npc accompany save
		government "Syndicate"
		personality escort timid
		ship "Shuttle" "Gallant Knight"
		on kill
			conversation

> 				`You watch as Howard's shuttle explodes into a cloud of debris along with any hope of that investment opportunity.`

Reviewer: Oops...

Also maybe do this, because you don't know exactly _what_ investment opportunity.
```suggestion
				`You watch as Howard's shuttle explodes into a cloud of debris along with any hope of an investment opportunity.`
```

				choice
					`	Best not to think on what could have been.`
	npc
		government "Pirate"

> 		personality nemesis staying harvests plunders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		personality harvests nemesis plunders staying
```

			confusion 40
		system destination
		fleet
			names "pirate"
			variant
				"Wasp" 3
			variant
				"Quicksilver"

	on complete
		conversation
			`As soon as you land, you see a message from Howard:`

> 			`	"<first> <last>! Looks like I landed first on <planet>! Meet me at my office near the spaceport to discuss."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"<first> <last>! Looks like I beat you landing on <planet>! Meet me at my office near the spaceport to talk further."`
```

			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`

mission "Syndicate Business 5"
	name "Disable a Marauder ship on <planet>"
	description "Howard from Megaparsec Inc. wants you to disable a Marauder ship in exchange for an investment opportunity."
	minor

> 	to offer

Reviewer: You can now remove all but the `<mission>: done` condition.

			`	The office reminds you of the one you were in on Hephaestus, though more understated. Howard's office is a modest yet modern space, featuring a smart desk, a few sleek chairs, and large windows overlooking the busy shipyards. You can't help noticing that, like the Hephaestus office, the minimalist decor hints more at style than substance.`
			`	"Glad you could make it," Howard says, extending his hand. "Apologies for the inconvenience, but it's better to discuss these matters away from potentially 'interested' parties." He motions for you to join him at one of the few sleek chairs in the center of the room.`
			choice
				`	(Take a seat.)`
				`	(Remain standing.)`
					goto shrug
			`	Howard sits beside you in an oddly intimate expression.`
				goto familiar
			label shrug
			`	Howard shrugs and takes a seat anyway.`
			label familiar
			`	Once settled, he leans back in his chair and gives you a serious look. "Tell me," he says, "are you familiar with Marauder ships?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, of course."`
					goto ask

> 				`	"No, I can't say I'm familiar."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"No, I can't say I am."`
```

			`	He leans in slightly, lowering his voice. "Just be careful. We don't want to destroy the ship. Cripple it so we can study it, but don't blow it into oblivion like you did to that Vanguard when we first met.`
			label ending
			`	"Well, that's all I have for you. Goodbye and good luck!"`
				accept

	on enter "Moktar"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
	npc
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic staying vindictive
			confusion 20
		system "Moktar"
		ship "Vanguard" "Golden Jewel"
		to despawn
			has "syndicate bus golden jewel dead"
		on encounter
			conversation
				`When you enter <waypoints>, your sensors detect the same pirate Vanguard from when you first rescued Howard. Your ship is immediately hailed, and the pirate opens communication.`
				`	"I should have destroyed you when I had the chance. Prepare to meet your end!"`
				choice
					`	"Maybe I should have destroyed you!"`
					`	"Uhhh... who are you again?"`
						goto whomst
				`	"Argh, you slithering, spineless snake! I'll tear your ship apart piece by piece!"`
					goto power
				label whomst
				`	"Bah, you banal, bumbling baboon! Prepare to meet your doom!"`
				label power

> 				`	You can't help feeling a sense of deja vu as the Vanguard's engines roar to life as you see over half a dozen fixed guns take aim at your ship, ready to strike.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	You can't help feeling a sense of deja vu as the Vanguard's engines roar to life and you see over half a dozen fixed guns take aim at your ship, ready to strike.`
```

		on kill
			set "syndicate bus golden jewel dead"
			conversation
				`The crew of the Golden Jewel are no more. You think you can make out the pirate captain drifting in space nearby.`
				choice
					`	Best not to dwell on these things.`

	on enter "Oblate"
		"reputation: Independent (Killable)" = -1000
	npc disable save
		government "Independent (Killable)"
		personality heroic staying vindictive
			confusion 20
		system "Oblate"
		ship "Marauder Quicksilver (Engines) (Safe)" "Pilgrim Shadow"
		on disable
			conversation
				`The ship has been disabled. You receive a message from Howard almost immediately:`
				`	"<first> <last>, you've done it again! Meet back at <destination> to discuss."`
				`		Howard Vendeur`
				`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
		on kill
			conversation

> 				`The ship has been destroyed. Like before, you almost immediately receive a message from Howard:`

Reviewer: Like before?

Author: The ship has to be disabled before it's destroyed, so in game if the player overshoots and destroys it, they would get the `on disable` message and then a few seconds after the `on kill` one

				`	"What have you done, I said disable the ship! You've completely destroyed my plans, cost us millions, and ruined any chance of salvaging this operation--how could you possibly mess this up so badly? Don't come back, we're done."`
				`		Howard Vendeur`
				`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
	on complete

> 		event "10m investment done" 180

Reviewer: And you don't get paid for disabling the Quicksilver?
```suggestion
		event "10m investment done" 180
		payment 175000
```

Author: Howard's a bit of a sleazeball using the player for free work and money to fuel his own rise, but you're right it probably does still make sense to pay for services rendered.

		conversation
			`You arrive back on Sunracer to a spaceport buzzing with activity. You make your way through the bustling shipyard toward the towering Megaparsec building. Entering the lobby, the receptionist gives you a nod, and you quickly ascend to the eighth floor.`
			`	Howard greets you with a smile as you step into his office. The room is as you left it -- modern, modest, and with a clear view of the shipyards below. "Welcome back," he says, gesturing for you to take a seat. "I take it the job in Oblate went smoothly?"`
			choice
				`	"Of course."`
					goto next1
				`	"Didn't you message me as soon as I did it?"`

> 			`	"True enough, just making conversation," he says with a grin. "The important thing is that the job's done. Now, let's get down to business."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"True enough, just making conversation," he says with a grin. "The important thing is that the job's done. Now, let's get down to business.`
```

				`	"Sounds good."`
					goto nextynice
				`	"I'm done with these deals, I'm leaving."`
					decline
			label upcharge
			`	Howard's tone carries a hint of impatience. "Alright then. The price for this investment is eleven million credits for a 2700 credit per day return. I've managed to arrange a loan through the bank, so you won't need to come up with the cash immediately. Just sign these documents to formalize the arrangement."`
			`	He pushes a document over to you, with a very fancy pen ready for your signature. "Just sign this first document for the loan and then we can talk through the rest of documents before signing."`
			choice
				`	"Sounds good."`
					goto nextymean
				`	"I'm done with these deals, I'm leaving."`
					decline
			label nextynice
			action
				debt 10000000
					interest 0.08
					term 3650
			`	He takes the document from you and you see the loan terms on the screen behind him: 10M credits, 10 years, 34% rate.`
				goto nexty
			label nextymean
			action
				debt 11000000
					interest 0.10
					term 3650
			`	He snatches the document from you with a wicked smile and you see the loan terms on the screen behind him: 11M credits, 10 years, 44% rate.`

> 				goto nexty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

			choice
				`	(Message him back that you're on the way.)`
				`	(Send a message congratulating him on the promotion.)`
				`	(Ignore and delete the message.)`
					decline
			`	You immediately receive an automated response:`
			`	"Dear Valued Contact,`
			`	Thank you for reaching out. I am currently out of the office and will respond to your message as soon as possible.`
			`	For urgent matters, please contact our support team."`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation
			`You land the <ship> on <planet> and make your way to Howard's office at the Megaparsec Incorporated satellite office, which is close to the galactic headquarters of Syndicated Systems.`
			`	You find yourself waiting in a sleek, sterile lobby, with the hum of distant machinery filling the air. The walls are lined with glossy advertisements for the various fast and lightweight ships, aircraft, and hovercraft that Megaparsec is known for, while a polite receptionist assures you that Howard will be with you "shortly," though you suspect that could mean anything from just a few minutes to many hours.`

> 			choice

Author: Obviously not an impactful choice, but how's this an additional option?

```suggestion
			choice
				`	(Stand and wait in the lobby.)`
```

> 			choice

Reviewer 2: Looks good!

				`	(Take a seat in the lobby.)`
			branch makeemwait
				has "syndicate business: mean to Howard"
			`	Much to your surprise, the wait is brief. Within minutes, Howard emerges with a warm smile, extending a hand as he welcomes you into his office, clearly eager to discuss the next big deal.`
				goto next
			label makeemwait

> 			`	Hours crawl by as the polished receptionist offers increasingly strained reassurances. Finally, Howard arrives, barely masking his annoyance, and motions for you to follow with a curt nod, clearly viewing you with disdain.`

Author: Just added this as an alternative option:

`	"<first> <last>, my bank contact has informed me that you've achieved modest success. Meanwhile, I've come across an investment opportunity than far surpasses our previous venture. Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). I expect our meeting to be prompt and efficient."`

			choice
				`	"Alright, I'm in. Let's discuss it more after Oblate."`
					goto accepting
				`	"Why would a shipyard have refueling stations?"`
				`	"None of those options sound good to me. I'm out."`
					decline
			`	Howard clearly enjoys the opportunity to explain. "Megaparsec's shipyards here on Sunracer are our crown jewel, building nearly every one of our ships as well as our high performance aircraft and hovercraft. You cannot imagine the logistics required to get the countless capacitors and microchips from Tinker, Delta V's plasma engines from Solace - heck, we have a dedicated logistics hangar on Crossroads just for shipping the Quicksilver's Particle Cannons! Don't even get me started on the Mantas! Ada's a long ways away, but we sure love Lovelace Labs' products...`
			`	"Ahem. All that to say, refueling stations, while few, are part of our larger strategy in vertical integration. Refueling stations are the heart of our logistics network for bringing all the parts we need here and for getting various vehicles out of here to be sold across the Republic.`

> 			`	"There are, of course, ancillary benefits as well. For R&D, we can test the impact of different fuel mixtures on our ships prior to entering the market. For partnerships, we can include fueling rights in large-scale sales agreements. At our largest logistics hubs the economies of scale even allow us to competitively offer refueling services on the open market, giving us a diversified revenue stream.`

Author: Hmmm, my thought was that while small individual captains like First Last (and ignoring the gameplay/lore disconnect if they have a deathball fleet) and other individual merchants can refuel for free, larger organized merchant companies or government fleets would pay for fueling.

While not a perfect example, I'm thinking of something analogous to public utilities. Any person can use a public electrical outlet or water fountain, but larger corporations or municipalities need much more electricity/water and so they may need to set up bespoke deals with utility companies or at the very least pay for it.

Would adding something that makes "refueling rights" more explicitly only applicable to large organizations help, or do you think just removing the "refueling rights" line would be better?

> 			`	"There are, of course, ancillary benefits as well. For R&D, we can test the impact of different fuel mixtures on our ships prior to entering the market. For partnerships, we can include fueling rights in large-scale sales agreements. At our largest logistics hubs the economies of scale even allow us to competitively offer refueling services on the open market, giving us a diversified revenue stream.`

Reviewer 2: I think either option is good. Up to you.

> 			`	"There are, of course, ancillary benefits as well. For R&D, we can test the impact of different fuel mixtures on our ships prior to entering the market. For partnerships, we can include fueling rights in large-scale sales agreements. At our largest logistics hubs the economies of scale even allow us to competitively offer refueling services on the open market, giving us a diversified revenue stream.`

Author: How's this?
`For partnerships, we can include fueling rights in large-scale sales agreements with major corporations or government fleets. At our largest logistics hubs, the economies of scale even allow us to competitively offer refueling services solely to these high-volume operators, giving us a diversified revenue stream.`

			`	"Now, let's talk about that investment opportunity."`
			`	Howard pulls up a holographic display on the digital screen behind him. Various charts and projections flash by. "Ready for the pitch?"`
			choice
				`	"You know it."`
				`	"Of course."`
			`	"Here's what we're looking at. Megaparsec Incorporated is expanding a refueling station on Crossroads, and we're likely going to go with a conventional expansion. But don't let the term 'conventional' fool you, because Megaparsec rarely expands its refueling stations--this is the first time in over a decade. When we do, it's because we've identified a strategic location that will skyrocket profits. These opportunities are as rare as they come, and most investors never even hear about them. But you've proven yourself, and that's why you're getting a seat at the table."`
			`	He pauses, letting the weight of his words sink in. "Getting in on this is a once-in-a-lifetime chance. We're talking about a key hub on a high-traffic trade route, with a captive market of ships desperate for fuel. The returns will be solid... and dependable. Opportunities like this don't just come around, and when they do, they go fast."`

> 			choice

Author: Logically it would make sense to add another reject option, but agree it might be overkill. I'll playtest this again in the next few days and see if it feels weird to have or have missing, and adjust accordingly.

> 			choice

Author: Just added in.

					goto planb
					to display
						not "heardplanb"
				`	"Could you remind me about the unregulated option?"`
					goto planb
					to display
						has "heardplanb"
			label choseplana
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" += 2700
				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m neutral"
				log "After disabling a Marauder for Howard, you were able to make another investment with Megaparsec, for ten million credits. Out of three investment options, you ended up choosing the conventional approach."
			`	"Excellent choice. The conventional expansion is a safe bet with solid returns. It's not the flashiest option, but the steady stream of ships passing through Crossroads will ensure consistent profits. The only drawback is that it won't make headlines--but it'll keep the credits flowing smoothly."`
				goto ending
			label choseplanb
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" += 4100
				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m evil"
				log "After disabling a Marauder for Howard, you were able to make another investment with Megaparsec, for ten million credits. Out of three investment options, you ended up choosing the profitable approach."

> 			`	"Well done. The unregulated option is bold and ambitious--exactly the kind of move the Syndicate prizes. The volatility of this fuel isn't for the faint of heart, but some bad PR is well worth the profits and potential learnings we'll achieve. High risk often means high reward."`

Author: My initial thought with this was that they're using a wildly unsafe fuel to push learnings for researching (cheaper, better, whatever) fuel by just ignoring all safety precautions, but I think your change is better to just double down on the monetary aspect.

				goto ending
			label choseplanc
			action
				"salary: Syndicate Business" += 2000
				set "Syndicate Business expansion 10m good"
				log "After disabling a Marauder for Howard, you were able to make another investment with Megaparsec, for ten million credits. Out of three investment options, you ended up choosing the eco-friendly approach."
			`	"An admirable decision. The eco-friendly route won't make the most credits, but it's a forward-thinking investment. It could pay off in other ways, like reduced turnover and environmental liabilities. Objectively the worst investment from a returns perspective, but I suppose you value other things more."`
			label ending

> 			choice
> 				`	"Thanks."`

Reviewer 2: I don't think this choice is necessary.
```suggestion
```

# Part 2
# Best case: 10m, 4100 per day best case out of the negative after ~6.7 years
# Worst case: 11m, 2000 per day worst case out of the negative after ~15 years (13.7 years, plus a little longer for 10M-->11M)
# Super Worst case: 11m, 2000 per day worst case out of the negative after over 40 years if you don't pay off the debt
# Driven by if you were mean to Howard in part 1 and part 2, which of 3 investment options picked, and if you pay off debt ASAP

mission "Syndicate Business 3"
	name "Visit Howard on <planet>"
	description "Howard wants to tell you about another investment opportunity."
	source
		government "Syndicate"
		attributes "core"
		not planet "Hephaestus"
	destination "Hephaestus"
	to offer
		has "Syndicate Business 2: done"

> 		random < 40

Reviewer: For a mission that can offer almost immediately after the player finishes SB2, `random < 40` might be too high. Probably good to either add a wait timer or lower this chance.
I think I'd probably lean toward a wait timer, because a random chance isn't guaranteed to prevent it from happening early.

Author: Adding a 30 day wait timer.

	on offer
		conversation
			`After an uneventful trip to the spaceport you return to the <ship> and see a message from Howard, the Megaparsec salesman who sold you a one million credit bond. The message says:`
			branch rudemessage
				has "syndicate business: mean to Howard"
			`	"<first> <last>! My bank contact tells me you've been doing quite well for yourself, and I've come across an even bigger investment opportunity than last time! Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). Looking forward to chatting with you!"`
				goto signoff
			label rudemessage

> 			`	"<first> <last>, my bank contact has informed me that you've achieved modest success. Meanwhile, I've come across an investment opportunity than far surpasses our previous venture. Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). I expect our meeting to be prompt and efficient."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"<first> <last>, my bank contact has informed me that you've achieved modest success. Meanwhile, I've come across an investment opportunity that far surpasses our previous venture. Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). I expect our meeting to be prompt and efficient."`
```

		credits > 40000000
	on offer
		conversation
			`After an uneventful trip to the spaceport you return to the <ship> and see a message from Howard, the Megaparsec salesman who sold you a one million credit bond. The message says:`
			`	"<first> <last>! My bank contact tells me you've been doing quite well for yourself, and I've come across an even bigger investment opportunity than last time! Meet me at my new office on <planet> (note the address, I've moved up since my promotion). Looking forward to chat!"`
			`		Howard Vendeur`
			`		Investor Relations Manager, Megaparsec Incorporated`
			choice
				`	(Message him back that you're on the way.)`
				`	(Send a message congratulating him on the promotion.)`
				`	(Ignore and delete the message.)`
					decline

> 			`You immediately receive an automated response:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You immediately receive an automated response:`
```

			choice
				`	"Absolutely."`
					goto next2
				`	"Howard, a promotion's a big deal. The office doesn't matter--your work speaks for itself."
					goto kindy
				`	"Howard, your a cubicle is still pathetic. Now, let's get back on track."`
			`	Howard flinches, his jaw tightening for a moment before he forces a thin smile. "Pathetic or not, it gets the job done," he says quietly, avoiding your gaze as he fidgets with a paperweight on his desk. "Spaceport. Later." His voice is more clipped now, and he doesn't wait for a response before focusing on his work calls, shutting you out entirely.`			
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" ++
				decline
			label kindy
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --

> 			`	Thanks, that means a lot. Now, let's focus on what's next.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Thanks, that means a lot. Now, let's focus on what's next."`
```

				`	"Didn't you message me as soon as I did it?"`
			`	"True enough, just making conversation," he says with a grin. "The important thing is that the job's done. Now, let's get down to business.`
			label next1
			`	"Our recovery team is already retrieving the ship as we speak. You've done well. Here's a payment for that favor, 25,000 credits."`
			choice
				"Thanks."
					goto investmentopps
				"25,000?! You must have forgotten a zero there, you cheapskate!"
					goto cheapskate
				"I appreciate the offer, but there's no need for payment this time. Consider it purely a favor--I'm happy to help."
			`	"That's generous of you, and I appreciate it."`
			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" --
				payment -25000
				goto investmentopps
			label cheapskate

> 			`	"I see... well, let's not make this more difficult than it needs to be," he says in a clipped tone. "I'll transfer another 175,000 credits now to make it an even 200,000. But in the future, I'd appreciate it if you would remember the privilege you have of working with Megaparsec Incorporated."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"I see... well, let's not make this more difficult than it needs to be," he says in a clipped tone. "I'll transfer another 175,000 credits now to make it an even 200,000. But in the future, I'd appreciate it if you would remember the privilege you have of working with Megaparsec Incorporated.`
```

			action
				"syndicate business: mean to Howard" ++
				payment 175000
			label investmentopps

> 			`	Now, let's talk about that investment opportunity."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Now, let's talk about that investment opportunity."`
```

				`	(Sign the paperwork.)`
			`	With the last signature in place, Howard gives you a nod of approval. "Congratulations. You've made a smart move today. I'll keep you in mind for future investment opportunities. Who knows, maybe I'll need another Marauder-related favor down the line." He gives you a wink and stands, offering his hand. "Until next time, we'll keep in touch."`
			`	After that final goodbye, you leave Howard's office, the quiet hum of the corporate floor giving way to the loud clanging of Sunracer's bustling shipyards and spaceport as you head back to the <ship>.`

> 			log `Made a second investment in Megaparsec Incorporated with Howard Vendeur, this time for 10 million credits.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			log `Made a second investment in Megaparsec Incorporated with Howard Vendeur, this time for ten million credits.`
```
